add eai instructions (#3803)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/walkthroughs/run-in-snowflake/database-connector-app.md

Reviewer: Should this be replaced with the new screenshot?

Reviewer: We don't need this anymore, right?

Author: But there are more database types than the MySQL, PostgreSQL and MSSQL. So If there's need for other ones we would know about that

> # Database Connector App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Snowflake Native App
```

## Prerequisites
Before creating your first pipeline, make sure you have:
1. A destination database in Snowflake where the loaded data should land
2. A role with permissions to approve External Access Integrations (`ACCOUNTADMIN`, or a role with that privilege)
3. Connection details for your source database, including:
    - host + port
    - database name / schema
    - username + password 
4. (Optional) An S3 bucket if you plan to stage data externally

## Install and open the app

> Use the link we provided to you or download the app via the [Snowflake Marketplace](https://app.snowflake.com/marketplace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the link we provided to you or find and install the app via the [Snowflake Marketplace](https://app.snowflake.com/marketplace).
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you add a screenshot of the UI here?

## Set up connection

> Before creating a pipeline, you need to set up a connection — a secure, approved link between your Snowflake account and your source database.

Reviewer: Really like this part explaining what is the connection
